Merging changes from GraalPy master and updating docs (#34)
graalvm/graalpy.github.io: docs/graalpy-embedded/reference/interop/interop_extension_api.md

## The Interoperability Extension API

> It is possible to extend the interoperability protocol directly from python via a simple API defined in the `polyglot` module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to extend the interoperability protocol directly from Python via a simple API defined in the `polyglot` module. 
```

> The purpose of this API is to allow custom / user defined types to take part in the interop ecosystem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this API is to enable custom / user defined types to take part in the interop ecosystem. 
```

This is particularly useful for external types which are not compatible by default with the interop protocol. 

> An example in this sense are the `numpy` numeric types (e.g., `numpy.int32`) which are not supported by default by the interop protocol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example in this sense are the `numpy` numeric types (for example, `numpy.int32`) which are not supported by default by the interop protocol. 
```

### The API 

> | function                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

|:--------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| register_interop_behavior       | Takes the receiver **type** as first argument. The remainder keyword arguments correspond to the respective interop messages. Not All interop messages are supported. |
| get_registered_interop_behavior | Takes the receiver **type** as first argument. Returns the list of extended interop messages for the given type.                                                      |
| @interop_behavior               | Class decorator, takes the receiver **type** as only argument. The interop messages are extended via **static** methods defined in the decorated class (supplier).            |

#### Supported messages 

> The majority (with some exceptions) of the interop messages are supported by the interop behavior extension API, as seen in the table below.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority (with some exceptions) of the interop messages are supported by the interop behavior extension API, as shown in the table below.  
```

> The naming convention for the `register_interop_behavior` keyword arguments follows the _snake_case_ naming convention, i.e.: the interop `fitsInLong` message 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The naming convention for the `register_interop_behavior` keyword arguments follows the _snake_case_ naming convention, i.e. the interop `fitsInLong` message 
```

becomes `fits_in_long` and so on. Each message can be extended with a **pure python function** (default keyword arguments, free vars and cell vars are not allowed) or a **boolean constant**. 

> Following is the list of currently supported interop messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below describes the supported interop messages:
```

### Usage Example

A simple `register_interop_behavior` API is available to register interop behaviors for existing types:

```python
import polyglot
import numpy

polyglot.register_interop_behavior(numpy.int32,
    is_number=True,
    fitsInByte=lambda v: -128 <= v < 128,
    fitsInShort=lambda v: -0x8000 <= v < 0x8000
    fitsInInt=True,
    fitsInLong=True,
    fitsInBigInteger=True,
    asByte=int,
    asShort=int,
    asInt=int,
    asLong=int,
    asBigInteger=int,
)
```

The `@interop_behavior` decorator may be more convenient when declaring more behaviors.
Interop message extension is achieved via **static** methods of the decorated class.
The names of the static methods are identical to the keyword names expected by `register_interop_behavior`.

```python
from polyglot import interop_behavior
import numpy

@interop_behavior(numpy.float64)
class Int8InteropBehaviorSupplier:
    @staticmethod
    def is_number(_): 
        return True

    @staticmethod
    def fitsInDouble(_):
        return True

    @staticmethod
    def asDouble(v):
        return float(v)
```

> Both classes can then behave as expected in an embedding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both classes can then behave as expected when embedded:
```
